Giantt gets its name from "giant gantt (chart)." The hope is to link together a lot of different entries for things I want to or have to do, and things I have to do in order to do those things, etc, so that at any given moment I can pull out some "soft" insights like "oh I was supposed to remember to work on the Mexico planes project but I haven't touched that in a month and we were trying to found a nonprofit" to "harder" insights like "only 3 of the 5 things I need to do by next week are possible on a reasonable time scale so I have to pick 2 to drop or move" or "over 70% of everything you want to do is all to do with this one project, just by the numbers." I would like it to work sort of like my inventory system in certain ways--the inventory system is based on a custom but simple text representation of all the things I have in my room and basement, with a little metadata, combined with some CLI commands for managing and maintaining consistency of the records, with a few bells and whistles for items being in containers that could themselves be relocated, things like that. It's been working great because I can say in words what I want to do to manipulate the inventory (e.g. I have a blue bowtie, where should I put it?) to an AI with access to the inventory, and it can suggest a place to put it based on where everything else is/where there may be space (it also has a text description of my space and basics of all my projects so it has a sense for how much to allocate to things, are they important enough to warrant a whole shelf or bin, things like that) and then generate the CLI commands necessary to effect those changes, e.g. in this case it might say I could put it in an organizer compartment but I'd have to clear that one first by consolidating its current contents with like items elsewhere, so it'd generate CLI commands to do both of those things and I just run them locally in my terminal. I love this and it got me thinking that a system with the same type of "interaction loop" but with better/richer data for representing dependencies between items that take time and attention, and great features for reorganizing, visualizing, manipulating the items to keep them live and up-to-date with my real life, could help me decide at any given moment what a good thing to do might be. Basically, it's a gigantic gantt chart for my entire life. usually this would be an absolute pain to create because you have to enter data like expected duration of time, end or milestone date, all that stuff, for every single event, but with AI support I can say the few critical things I'd like to record and the AI can make good guesses about other things like how long such an item would take to complete under usual circumstances, what items this supersedes, subtends, depends on, serves as a prerequisite for, replaces etc and generate the concrete commands necessary to manipulate the system to reflect the changes properly.