I'd like to get some conceptual categories straight. I
originally had giantt in python, then ported it all over time to Dart so I could run it with
flutter. during development of soradyne trying to use giantt as a demo example to make the
implementation work concrete, at some point, the entire giantt schema including
serialization/deserialization was re-implemented again, this time in rust, by an earlier
instance of you. I didn't intend for this to happen and I was annoyed at the time, but I'm
realizing now that this may have been the right move? I was annoyed because I was expecting
ConvergentDocument to materialize giantt items files, or really, text in line-separated form
ready to go directly into the Dart giantt parser which was already working well and debugged at
that point, and for the synchronization of that file (really, not a file but an
eventually-consistent synchronized data object, but really it acts like a text file) to be the
whole sync procedure, a setup that would have backed both inventory and giantt with no
specialization to either. I liked that modularity, cleanly breaking both before they got into
Rust. Now it's all in Rust, or really double implemented in a confusing way in Dart and Rust,
but it's possible that details of the different formats do belong inside the envelope of
soradyne because CRDT ops can now exist that don't just replace a line or operate on text, but
actually respect the structure (json-like or jsonl-like) of each. still, it bothers me that my
very me-specific project giantt (or inv) would wind up somehow baked into soradyne. like I know
there will be a lot of different flow types eventually, ranging from general-purpose to
specific, and setting examples for how to make custom flows that run fast in Rust seems sort of
good, but somehow this seems too specific. soradyne is supposed to be a platform technology that
 can underly tons of future apps. these apps are being developed in the same monorepo so I can
ground the development process and have something to test along the way. at the very least I
will want to refactor any giantt- or inv-specific code into separate rust crates that depend on
soradyne. But maybe the thing I really need, which would serve giantt and inventory, is a CRDT
that does precisely the same functionality as jsonl, including lists and sets of different basic
 data types & nested structs, possibly with schema functionality layered on so you can address
updates to specific named fields for your project in a principled way without building it into
the rust library directly? this feels like it would be a powerful thing to have anyway, and it
would serve both giantt and inv, right? it's a bit of a side-track, but I don't want to
accidentally accrue a bunch of technical debt by making a bad choice now, I just don't have a
sense for how serious a misstep it would be vs how easy it is to port what exists now to a more
general-purpose schematized jsonl sync flow type.

flow IDs are derived from soradyne, i.e. it originates
them upon request to make a new flow, but from that point forward, it's the pointer held by the
app, and there shouldn't be a way for an app to interrogate soradyne for its flow ids and there
shouldn't be a place on disk that anyone assumes is a stable reference point for flow ids.
giantt and inv should keep their flows in their own app storage, and the fact that multiple
devices running giantt have some of the same flow ids is the entire basis for their data
sharing--if they don't happen to be in the same capsule, nothing happens (at the moment, since
inter-capsule auth checking and flow sharing isn't defined yet). setup from the perspective of
the app is: init soradyne generically; soradyne loads any app-agnostic config from its own
private storage whose path might vary by device (including info about peers, everything about
capsules); app pulls flow ids from app storage; app has a class or interface for the data it
expects to be synchronized, so that is initialized with soradyne connected (implicitly/relying
on global scope or explicitly at construction) and the flow id; by the time it gets through the
app-level abstractions down to soradyne, it's only a ConvergentDocument, so soradyne takes in
ops and materializes reads. For now, let's poke a couple flow IDs directly into app storage
either at build time or (if that's not easy) have a function clearly labeled as a debug feature
to be removed that pokes some default hard-coded or loaded-from-file-here-in-this-repo values
into app storage on startup if they're missing; that way, all giantt software built from this
monorepo has the same flow ids for now. I think the giantt standalone cli commands will need a
way to name & dereference flow ids so it can be told which to mutate without passing gigantic
flow ids every time, but it can just always load all present flows. there can also be a default
flow to mutate if no flow is clearly implicated by the operation (e.g. editing a field for an
item will naturally need to route operations to that item's flow of origin) and none is
specified. as for the giantt app, one of the flows can be "the user's default flow," for the
purpose of deciding which to mutate if that's ambiguous e.g. creating a new chart. flow ids will
 never be surfaced to the user, nor will the word flow nor the name soradyne, but the effect of
having multiple flows active will be juggled similarly to how dropbox lets you have multiple
accounts and switch between them; you'd swap to a different giantt persona or whatever. such
personas (not committed to the word) and flows will have a many-to-many relationship
(unfortunately) because permissions & sharing may sometimes require splitting a flow (i.e.
deleting a bunch of things from one flow, creating a new one, adding them all to that one) so
you can share just a subset of the charts that were all in one flow before. that's a lot more
than you asked but hopefully this context is helpful and your answers can be derived from it,
but let me know

